# 2022-04-25

## Agenda

* DICOM WorkItem for HJT2K Approved!
* SIIM/RSNA Updates
  * SIIM
    * Hackathon taking place June 1-3
      * https://siim.org/page/hacking_healthcare
      * Highly encourage people new to the space (students, etc)
      * New this year
        * Blockchain Network
        * New images - dermatology, pathology, opthamology
      * Updated documentation https://imaginginformatics.github.io/hackathon-docs/
  * RSNA
    * Imaging AI in practice demo is underway
    * Taking submissions of interest (closes tomorrow): https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeg2LY2jadKgrk39YWBRxuxMNg2tBiTmlSu9YdImkL7u5iKmg/viewform
    * How interoperability can be achieved end to end
    * Demo video: https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=rsna+imaging+ai+in+practice
* Coherent Data Set
  * Has FHIR, DICOM and Genomics data
  * 9GB in size
  * https://www.mdpi.com/2079-9292/11/8/1199
  * everything in DICOM is a chest x-ray?
* What is the history between Horos and Osirix
  * OpenSource community became unhappy with Osirix
    * Not all code was released as open source (64 bit support, JPEG2000)
  * Horos created by PurView https://www.purview.net/
    * Activity seems to have dwindled
      * x86 only build - no ARM build
  * Who uses Osirix FDA version?
    * lots of users - telerad, in hospital, etc
      * Very cost effective compared to commercial offerings
      * Widely used in developing countries
* IHE Rad Tech meeting this week (David Kwan / Neil Teneholtz)
  * IMR profile 
    * https://profiles.ihe.net/RAD/IMR/index.html
    * Leveraging FHIR DiagnosticReport and FHIR Observation resources
  * AI Results - Extensions (AIR+)
    * Out for public comment
    * https://www.ihe.net/uploadedFiles/Documents/Radiology/IHE_RAD_Suppl_AIR-Extensions_Rev-1-0_PC_2022-02-28.pdf
    * Kevin O'Donnel asked DICOM Standards Committee for structured support for AIR+.  Was pushback until AIR has better adoption
  * SOLE Updates (Neil)
    * Want to be able to convert into other formats (e.g. open telematry)
    * Distributed tracing
    * General idea - add trace ids and span ids into log messages
    * Q: Any idea on how long until these updates come out?
    * A: Hopefully have them ready soon - before RSNA
      * Chris Roth and Kinson Ho are the IHE RadTech chairs
    * Q: Is there vendor buy in for SOLE?
    * A: Vendors are interested and agree they should move towards it
  * IHE RAD - New profiles are proposed yearly (August)
